A View from Space
http://www.lizard-tail.com/isana/avfs/

Description
----------
“A View from Space is a web-based 3D satellite tracking application to share a view from Internatonal Space Station. 

The functions are as follows: (not yet completed)
  Users can track the ISS from satellite-eyes-view.
  Users can change the base map from various satellite images(MODIS Sea Surface Temperature, Wild Fire etc…)
  Users can read the articles related to the current location of the ISS, selected map or selected theme.
  Users can communicate each other via Twitter, and plot it on the earth. It will be displayed only when ISS passes through the region nearby.

Nowadays, we can use many applications for tracking ISS, for monitoring the earth and for reading the articles about global issues. However, “A View from Space” is a unique because it restricts the information stream based on the orbit of ISS intentionally. The purpose of this restriction is to encourage users to share a common viewpoint which is organized by borderless rule - the orbit of ISS – it is equally fair for the people living on the earth. We believe sharing this unique view around the world will be a platform to enhance the common understanding among the people on the earth. Of course, we hope it will become an agora to communicate with the astronauts in ISS virtually.


"The first day or so we all pointed to our countries. 
 The third or fourth day we were pointing to our continents.
 By the fifth day, we were aware of only one Earth."
 - Sultan bin Salman Al-Saud / Astronaut -


Source Codes
https://github.com/lizard-isana/avfs

License
----------
Copyright (c) 2012 Internatonal Space Apps Challenge 2011 "A View from Space" Team
Dual licensed under the MIT (MIT-LICENSE) and GPL (GPL-LICENSE) licenses.

This application includes "three.js". 
License: MIT License ref. https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/

This application includes "orb.js". 
License: MIT License ref. https://github.com/lizard-isana/orb.js

"avfs.js" includes "json2.js" on the last part of the file.
License: Public Domain ref. http://www.JSON.org/js.html


Contributor
----------
Internatonal Space Apps Challenge 2011 "A View from Space" Team
  Isana Kashiwai
  Tsugito Nagano
  Rie Nakajima
  Takayuki Narabu
  Hiroshi Saito
  Hal Seki
  Tamon Yanai
  (alphabetical order)
 
Administrator
----
  Isana Kashiwai
  email: isana.k at gmail.com
  facebook: isana.kashiwai
  twitter: lizard_isana
